[Doc] Add MKL-DNN operator list (#14891)
apache/incubator-mxnet: docs/install/index.md

$ pip install mxnet
```

> MKL-DNN enabled pip packages are optimized for Intel hardware. You can find performance numbers in the <a href="../..//faq/perf.md#intel-cpu">MXNet tuning guide</a>.

Reviewer: extra slash for a reason? that might have been my mistake...
```suggestion
MKL-DNN enabled pip packages are optimized for Intel hardware. You can find performance numbers in the <a href="../../faq/perf.md#intel-cpu">MXNet tuning guide</a>.
```

> MXNet offers pip packages with MKL-DNN enabled which will be much faster when running on Intel hardware. Try the following command line to install it and find performance numbers and tuning guide in <a href="https://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/versions/master/faq/perf.html#intel-cpu">performance on Intel CPU</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MKL-DNN enabled pip packages are optimized for Intel hardware. You can find performance numbers in the <a href="../..//faq/perf.md#intel-cpu">MXNet tuning guide</a>.
```

Author: Hi @aaronmarkham, the link here will be compiled to https://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/versions/faq/perf.md#intel-cpu which is a blank page. Do you think I can use http://mxnet.io/faq/perf.html#intel-cpu instead here?

Author: @pengzhao-intel

```
$ pip install mxnet-mkl==1.4.0
```

</div> <!-- End of v1-4-0 -->
<div class="v1-3-1">

```
$ pip install mxnet==1.3.1
```

> MXNet offers pip packages with MKL-DNN enabled which will be much faster when running on Intel hardware. Try the following command line to install it and find performance numbers and tuning guide in <a href="https://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/versions/master/faq/perf.html#intel-cpu">performance on Intel CPU</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MKL-DNN enabled pip packages are optimized for Intel hardware. You can find performance numbers in the <a href="../../faq/perf.md#intel-cpu">MXNet tuning guide</a>.
```

```
$ pip install mxnet-mkl==1.3.1
```

</div> <!-- End of v1-3-1 -->
<div class="v1-2-1">

```
$ pip install mxnet==1.2.1
```

> MXNet offers pip packages with MKL-DNN enabled which will be much faster when running on Intel hardware. Try the following command line to install it and find performance numbers and tuning guide in <a href="https://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/versions/master/faq/perf.html#intel-cpu">performance on Intel CPU</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MKL-DNN enabled pip packages are optimized for Intel hardware. You can find performance numbers in the <a href="../../faq/perf.md#intel-cpu">MXNet tuning guide</a>.
```

</div> <!-- End of master-->
<hr> <!-- pip footer -->

> MXNet offers MKL pip packages that will be much faster when running on Intel hardware. Try the following command line to install it and find performance numbers and tuning guide in [performance on Intel CPU](https://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/versions/master/faq/perf.html#intel-cpu).

Reviewer 2: change hyper-link format according to L196

Author: Fixed.

$ pip install mxnet --pre
```

> MXNet offers pip packages with MKL-DNN enabled which will be much faster when running on Intel hardware. Try the following command line to install it and find performance numbers and tuning guide in <a href="https://mxnet.incubator.apache.org/versions/master/faq/perf.html#intel-cpu">performance on Intel CPU</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MKL-DNN enabled pip packages are optimized for Intel hardware. You can find performance numbers in the <a href="../../faq/perf.md#intel-cpu">MXNet tuning guide</a>.
```
